## Synopsis

A Box2D based hanging plotter simulator. The underlying physics engine enables to test
the algorithms for a hanging plotter without risking a bug in the simulator engine.
It is also a very nice way to test my SVG to GCode converter, [juicy-gcode](https://github.com/domoszlai/juicy-gcode).

## Usage

Open `index.html` in a web browser, copy past some gcode (or try the default one) into the textarea and push the run button.
The plotter start to draw in a realistic way right away.

Keep in mind that the drawing area of the plotter is 80cm x 80cm. Out of this area the plotter bacomes unrealistic as I used
Box2D distance joint for the strings, because it does not offer a proper rope implementation.

## Standalone version

There is also a standalone version which converts GCode into motor movements and sends these directly to the serial port. 
For this feature install the `serialport` module

`npm install serialport`

then type

`node send.js gcodefile`

You probably also want to configure the sender beforehand, e.g. the resulotion of the stepper motor, serial port parameters, etc...
The configuration parameters can be found in `send.js`.

## Limitations

It is mainly designed to work with the gcode generated by [juicy-gcode](https://github.com/domoszlai/juicy-gcode).
It should work with every kind of gcode, but it is not well tested.
The plotter draws when the Z coordinate is 0.

## Bugs

Please file an issue if you run into a problem (or drop me an email to dlacko@gmail.com).





